[docs] Add a recipe for saving and restoring `state` externally (#10722)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/state/state.md

{{"demo": "RestoreStateInitialState.js", "bg": "inline", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

### Save and restore the state from external storage

> You can use `apiRef.current.exportState()` to save a snapshot of the state to an external storage (e.g. using `LocalStorage` or `redux`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `apiRef.current.exportState()` to save a snapshot of the state to an external storage (e.g. using `localStorage` or `redux`).
```

> This way the state can be persisted even when refreshing the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way the state can be persisted when refreshing the page or navigating to another page.
```
